docs/CODE.md, before:


## Code analysis, Formatting and Linting


|                             | code analysis and completion | format (on save)                | lint                                      |
|:----------------------------|:-----------------------------|:--------------------------------|:------------------------------------------|
| C and C++                   | ?                            | ?                               | ?                                         |
| Elixir                      | ?                            | ?                               | ?                                         |
| Haskell                     | ?                            | ?                               | ?                                         |
| Java                        | ?                            | ?                               | ?                                         |
| JavaScript and TypeScript   | ?                            | ?                               | ?                                         |
| Kotlin                      | ?                            | ?                               | ?                                         |
| Python                      | ?                            | ?                               | ?                                         |
| Scheme                      | ?                            | ?                               | ?                                         |
| Swift and Objective-C       | ?                            | ?                               | ?                                         |

Commit message:

Add javascript and typescript ide config

docs/CODE.md, after:

## Code analysis, Formatting and Linting

|                             | code analysis and completion | format (on save)                   | lint                                      |
|:----------------------------|:-----------------------------|:-----------------------------------|:------------------------------------------|
| C and C++                   | ?                            | ?                                  | ?                                         |
| Elixir                      | ?                            | ?                                  | ?                                         |
| Haskell                     | ?                            | ?                                  | ?                                         |
| Java                        | ?                            | ?                                  | ?                                         |
| JavaScript and TypeScript   | TypesScript (IntelliJ)       | Prettier plugin, JS GraphQL plugin | Eslint (IntelliJ)                         |
| Kotlin                      | ?                            | ?                                  | ?                                         |
| Python                      | ?                            | ?                                  | ?                                         |
| Scheme                      | ?                            | ?                                  | ?                                         |
| Swift and Objective-C       | ?                            | ?                                  | ?                                         |

In Preferences > Tools > File Watchers add all files that need to be formatted on save, such as Typescript, Typescript JSX and Javascript for Prettier.

In Preferences > Editor > Inspections disable the 'JavaScript and TypScript' and 'Proofreading' inspections and change all 'Warning' and 'Error' inspections to 'Weak Warning'.
